Hurry, get up!
Stop slacking off.
Hayley, this isn't my job.
Watch your mouth.
I'm the heiress of Walker's family now.
You'll do what I say.
We have fired.
Okay, fine.
I'll do it.
Ooh!
If you're sick, get lost.
Don't be spreading your germs around here.
God, are you burning up?
It's probably from getting soaked last night.
Come on, I have to get you to the hospital.
I can't, I have to move these boxes.
I need my paycheck.
Forget that.
You need to get to a hospital.
How unlucky.
Running into a walking plague first thing in the morning.
Mom, here.
Spray some sick girl as a pest.
We need to get rid of her.
Sweetheart, aren't you allergic to alcohol?
Not anymore, Mom.
I've got used to it after all these business meetings
and events I had.
You've been through so much, my dear.